Update links in automatic issues (#567)
jhudsl/DaSL_Course_Template_Bookdown: .github/automatic-issues/templates-to-edit.md

### Files that need to be edited upon adding each new chapter (including upon creating a new course):

- [ ] `_bookdown.yml` - The list of Rmd files that need to be rendered needs to be updated. See [instructions](https://www.ottrproject.org/examples.html#publishing-with-bookdown).
- [ ] `book.bib` - any citations need to be added. See [instructions](https://www.ottrproject.org/more_features.html#citing-sources).

### Picking a style

See more [about customizing style on this page in the guide](https://www.ottrproject.org/customize-style.html).
By default this course template will use the jhudsl data science lab style. However, you can customize and switch this to another style set.

#### Using a style set

[Read more about the style sets here](https://www.ottrproject.org/customize-style.html#Using_a_style_set).

- [ ] On a new branch, copy the `style-sets/<set-name>/index.Rmd` and `style-sets/<set-name>/_output.yml` to the top of the repository to overwrite the default `index.Rmd` and `_output.yml`.
- [ ] Copy over all the files in the `style-sets/<set-name>/copy-to-assets` to the `assets` folder in the top of the repository.

> - [ ] [Create a pull request](https://github.com/jhudsl/OTTR_Template/wiki/Start-editing-your-course#getting-started-with-the-github-workflow) with these changes, and double check the rendered preview to make sure that the style is what you are looking for.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] [Create a pull request](https://www.ottrproject.org/writing_content.html#Open_a_pull_request) with these changes, and double check the rendered preview to make sure that the style is what you are looking for.
```
